about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "/books"
permalink: /books
---

As an avid reader and lifelong learner, I find immense value in books that deepen my understanding of technology, leadership, and personal development. Below are some titles that have significantly influenced my journey, and I highly recommend them to anyone seeking to expand their knowledge and perspective.

## [DNatural Language Processing with Transformers, Revised Edition](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1098136799)
**Authors**: Lewis Tunstall, Leandro von Werra, Thomas Wolf

Transformers have redefined the landscape of natural language processing (NLP) since their introduction in 2017. They are now the dominant architecture for achieving state-of-the-art results in various NLP tasks. If you're a data scientist, coder, or AI enthusiast, this practical guide is an excellent resource for mastering transformer models using **Hugging Face Transformers**, one of the most popular Python-based deep learning libraries.

Authored by experts and contributors to Hugging Face Transformers, this book provides a hands-on approach to understanding, building, and applying transformers in real-world applications. Whether it's writing realistic news stories, enhancing search engine queries, or creating humorous chatbots, transformers have proven their versatility and power.

#### **Why I Recommend This Book**:

This book is a treasure trove of practical insights and techniques, making it a must-read for anyone exploring NLP. It doesn’t just focus on theory—it takes you step by step through coding examples and practical implementations. Here’s what you can expect:

- **Core NLP Tasks**: Learn how to build, debug, and optimize transformers for text classification, named entity recognition, and question answering.
- **Cross-Lingual Capabilities**: Discover how to leverage transformers for tasks across multiple languages.
- **Real-World Applications**: Get guidance on applying transformers in scenarios with limited labeled data.
- **Efficiency Techniques**: Explore methods like distillation, pruning, and quantization to make models efficient for deployment.
- **Scalability**: Learn to train transformers from scratch and scale them across multiple GPUs and distributed environments.

If you're looking to integrate cutting-edge NLP technology into your projects or simply want to deepen your understanding of transformers, this book is a perfect starting point.

Commit message:

Refactor about and books pages for improved clarity and organization; update configuration to include new pages

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "/about myself"
permalink: /about
---

My name is Mihai Nadăș, and I am a passionate PhD student at Babeș-Bolyai University, diving deep into the exciting and ever-evolving field of artificial intelligence. My research focuses on areas such as machine learning, natural language processing, and large language models—fields that are not only intellectually stimulating but also hold immense potential for shaping the future.

With over a decade of experience in the IT industry, I have had the privilege of working in diverse roles, from software development to leading teams and managing large-scale projects. However, my journey as a PhD student is a return to my roots: a commitment to continuous learning, critical thinking, and pushing the boundaries of what technology can achieve. I approach my research with the mindset of a lifelong learner, eager to explore the unknown and contribute meaningfully to the AI community.

This blog is a space for me to share my thoughts, experiences, and insights as I navigate the complexities of AI research. Whether it’s a breakthrough I find exciting, a challenge I’ve struggled with, or simply reflections on the intersection of academia and industry, my goal is to offer a genuine and transparent account of my journey. I also hope this platform becomes a bridge to connect with like-minded individuals—students, researchers, practitioners, or anyone curious about AI.

Above all, I approach this journey with humility. I am fully aware of how much there is to learn and how vast this field is, but I believe that meaningful progress comes from collaboration and sharing knowledge. I invite you to join me as I document my exploration of this incredible field, contribute to the larger conversation, and hopefully inspire others along the way.
